so it was when all the kings of the
Amorite hsihu were on the west side of
the Jordan and all the kings of the
Canaanites who were by the sea heard
that the Lord had dried up the waters of
the Jordan from before the children of
Israel until we had crossed over that
their heart melted there was no spirit
in them any longer because of the
children of Israel
at that time the Lord said to Joshua
make Flint knives for yourself and
circumcise the sons of Israel again the
second time so Joshua made Flint knives
for himself and circumcise the sons of
Israel at the hill of the foreskins and
this is the reason why Joshua circumcise
them all the people who came out of
Egypt who were males all the man of war
had died in the wilderness on the way
Alpha bayard come out of Egypt for all
the people who came out had been
circumcised but all the people born in
the wilderness on the way as they came
out of Egypt had not been circumcised
for the children of Israel walked forty
years in the wilderness till all the
people who were men of war who came out
of Egypt were consumed because they did
not obey the voice of the Lord to whom
the Lord swore that he would not show
them the land which the Lord had sworn
to their fathers that he would give us a
land flowing with milk and honey then
Joshua circumcise their sons whom he
raised up in their place for they were
uncircumcised because they had not been
circumcised on the way so it was when
they had finished circumcising all the
people that they stayed in their places
in the camp till they were healed and
the Lord said to Joshua this day I have
rolled away the reproach of Egypt from
you therefore the name of the place is
called Gilgal to this day
now the children of Israel camped in
Gilgal and kept the Passover on the
fourteenth day of the month at Twilight
on the plains of Jericho and they ate of
the produce of the land on the day after
the Passover unleavened bread and
parched grain on the very same day then
the manna ceased on the day after they
had eaten the produce of the land and
the children of Israel no longer had
manna that they ate the food of the land
of Canaan that year and it came to pass
when Joshua was by Jericho that he
lifted his eyes and looked and behold a
man stood opposite him with his sword
drawn in his hand and Joshua went to him
and said to him are you for us or for
our adversaries no but as commander of
the army of the Lord I have now come and
Joshua fell on his face to the earth and
worshiped what does my Lord say to his
servant take your sandal off your foot
for the place where you stand
he's holy and Joshua
did so
you